the thing was c9 right now to me at
least is that they have these cheesy
pics like they were the first team to
pull out you know the zillion kindred
and that was something that even I
didn't see coming
I know that they played those champions
I just didn't know they were they would
use them and use them in such you know
immaculate fashion well it is week nine
of the NA LCS we are in the second day
and things are kind of wonky and weird
here with tiebreakers coming and getting
pushed to tomorrow coverage of course of
course brought to you by Omni / I'm
doing right now by smoothie smoothie
what's this weekend like been like for
you well this weekend was definitely
important for every team for us we need
to win one game for to make playoffs and
we beat the 10th place team in clutch so
woohoo not saying they're bad at all but
I'm saying I thought we could win the
Team Liquid game it was just just
unfortunate events now our thing still
in flux for you tomorrow I've been like
interviewing everybody out here I'm
trying to keep up is there a chance to
play tomorrow yes I think we have to
play at least two games tomorrow if I'm
correct depending on you know the
results of the example games I think the
winner of fly quest versine I think we
first and then one more team I could be
wrong but yeah in general I'm pretty you
know it's always fun are you
is it nice for how concerned for
tomorrow are you because you now may
enter the playoffs I got to imagine
that's like a kind of just easy breath
yeah definitely a breath of fresh air
not really trying to go it's as six seed
again been there done that and not the
greatest but I think that we have a lot
of potential like that's a buzzword
obviously in the scene and even though
we've been like you know one in three in
last two weeks a one win being Bruce
clutch I think we still like a lot those
games were in our hands we just didn't
really play well yeah with playoffs
coming up where do you think echo fox is
like how it's it's really hard for me to
right now to gauge the relative strength
of any of these teams like c9 which is a
team I would have written off before
your departure now looks like they're on
a rampage could be maybe the best I
don't even know so what where do you
think Xbox
into the mix what's hard to say honestly
I don't even know what the tea realist
for me is because honestly Team Liquid
has like been the top but I don't think
they're like insanely good or anything
they weren't as dominant as they were
last year for sure even though like
their score says otherwise but I think
most teams right now have been just
performing okay never know not any clean
games they just you know I think most
teams are just relatively close yeah I
think the the thing was c9 right now to
me at least is that they have these
cheesy picks like they were the first
team to pull out you know the zillion
kindred and that was something that even
I didn't see coming
I know that they played those champions
I just didn't know they were they would
use them and use them in such you know
immaculate fashion yeah we tried it
didn't work out for us yesterday but it
was close yeah it's kind of the NA
special I think it's what Peter called
it with you know with all the stuff on
the horizon where do you think North
America is right now because it like
worlds is just around the corner and it
feels like everything is just kind of a
show yeah I mean I definitely agree
with that I don't know honestly I've
been to worlds in the past and both
toast times I did feel like maybe
because I was like a really dominant
team and cloud9
in those times doesn't feel like any is
like insanely strong this year like
whenever I see Griffin play in Korea
average and although I'll do cleaner
macro teams it's a lot different than
how like we play in my opinion this team
feels that way I thought to say like
we're bad I'm just saying that it
doesn't feel like we're as good as past
years but maybe that's just me what what
what is it like behind the scenes with
the team because you've been here for a
couple weeks I don't know how you've
adjusted well you know judging to the
echo Fox was pretty easy you know I was
really scared of joining this team at
first because like joining halfway and
like expecting just like fit in get
synergy with my new like I guess rookie
in some sense ADC but honestly it's been
a really easy transition and everyone's
been treating me really well stop
included so it's been it's been pretty
yeah it's been pretty easy and
I think the results will come eventually
you with and speaking of results I know
things are up in the air for tomorrow
and who you're gonna play but how
confident do you feel in your your team
going into tomorrow I feel pretty
confident honestly like our screams have
been going extremely well I don't watch
jinx that because you know every time
you do do well in scrims like on stage
it's a whole different game apparently
and definitely been there in the past
like I've had week so we just win 95% of
our screams back on cloud nine in the
past and then we lost 0-2 on stage so
I've never wanted to take scrims too too
lightly and yeah I mean I think we're
still going I'm pretty confident oh good
well there's a ton of answers that we
are still waiting for as we head into
tomorrow's matches so not too much more
to talk to you about today but is there
anything that you would like to talk to
or say to any of the fans I mean just
thanks to all the fans for supporting me
I know like a lot of fans who support me
from cloud 9 have started to sway me
from eiko Fox and I really appreciate
that hopefully I can get the results to
you know make you guys proud to support
me but hopefully drain the next couple
weeks in playoffs those it'll come and
yeah it should be good time well looking
forward to seeing what echovox can pull
off in a place I think you guys bring a
brand of interesting play that will make
playoffs very good so looking forward to
it for anyone else you can check out
their cement coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I knew I could never escape this I
freaking landed my dream job at riot
interviewing pros and stuff and I still
have to do outros for Travis I just
can't get out of it literally you can't
see it but on my back there's like a
contract that was carved into me like
full-on freaking FM a reason and I was
burned into her but you get the idea so
I think Sami slash for this subscribe